Q:How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
A:It help me very easly able to find the bug which i commited, and very easly help me to rectify it.

Q:How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
A:I will be easly able to understand what mistake I repettedly commit, am I will able to rectify it.

Q:What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs 
having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

A
Pros:
No large number of commit.
Commit only when there is logical change.
Easly compire with earlier commit, as there is logical change in commit.

Cons:
Forget to commit.
Power failer may lose programming work.

Q:Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while
others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A:Because when we work with Git we mostly talk about full project which have multiple files, and each files are 
interrelated where as when we talk about google doc, we simple keep single files.

Q:How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A:git log:
we will go to repository and type git log, it will show all the commit which we have done, along with description
each commit. we can scroll down by presssing down key and scroll up by up key, and quit by q key.

git diff:
It show the difference between two commit. First we you have to write the git diff then the new commit then old commit. You will the line added by + sign and line deleted by - sign

Q:How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
A:Really now i can go for implementing my logic often without thinking of code breaking.

Q:Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A:Frankly speaking I am learning Git because I am going to make expenses management system, so that I will manage the code smoothly.


